Translation corrections (#208)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/tsuk_011.txt

//rしかし、続いて梨花ちゃんが口にした言葉は、そんな内心の呟きすらも打ち砕くほどのものだった……！
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "しかし、続いて梨花ちゃんが口にした言葉は、そんな内心の呟きすらも打ち砕くほどのものだった……！",

> 			NULL, "However, Rika-chan followed that up with a comment strong enough to destroy all traces of thought...!", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "However, Rika-chan followed that up with a comment strong enough to destroy all traces of those thoughts...!", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, "\"Shion-chan told me not to give her address out to anyone...", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 0, "ps3/s18/00/yoshi16006", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "いくらお友達でも、どうしたものか……」",

> 			NULL, " I know you're her friends, but I gave my word...\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " I know you're her friends, but I gave her my word...\"", Line_Normal);
```
